docs: improve Factories (#5857)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/concepts/factories.rst

Introduction
============

> What is Factories?

Reviewer: Looking at the sentences following this, `Factories` is treated as a plural word.
```suggestion
What are Factories?
```

------------------

Like :doc:`./services`, **Factories** are an extension of autoloading that helps keep your code
concise yet optimal, without having to pass around object instances between classes.

At its
simplest, Factories provide a common way to create a class instance and access it from
anywhere. This is a great way to reuse object states and reduce memory load from keeping
multiple instances loaded across your app.

Any class can be loaded by Factories, but the best examples are those classes that are used
to work on or transmit common data. The framework itself uses Factories internally, e.g., to
make sure the correct configuration is loaded when using the ``Config`` class.

Differences from Services
-------------------------

> Factories require a concrete class name to instantiate, and do not have code to create instances.
> 
> So Factories are not good for creating complex instance that needs many dependencies,
> and cannot change the class of the instance to be returned.
> 
> On the other hand, Services have code to create instances, so it can create a complex instance
> that needs other services or class instances. When you get a service, Services require a service name,
> not a class name, so the returned instance can be changed without changing the client code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Factories require a concrete class name to instantiate and do not have code to create instances.

So, Factories are not good for creating a complex instance that needs many dependencies,
and you cannot change the class of the instance to be returned.

On the other hand, Services have code to create instances, so it can create a complex instance
that needs other services or class instances. When you get a service, Services require a service name,
not a class name, so the returned instance can be changed without changing the client code.
```

Example
-------

Take a look at **Models** as an example. You can access the Factory specific to Models
by using the magic static method of the Factories class, ``Factories::models()``.

By default, Factories first searches in the ``App`` namespace for the path corresponding to the magic static method name.
``Factories::models()`` searches the path **Models/**.

In the following code, if you have ``App\Models\UserModel``, the instance will be returned:

.. literalinclude:: factories/001.php

Or you could also request a specific class:

.. literalinclude:: factories/002.php

If you have only ``Blog\Models\UserModel``, the instance will be returned.
But if you have both ``App\Models\UserModel`` and ``Blog\Models\UserModel``,

> The instance of ``App\Models\UserModel`` will be returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the instance of ``App\Models\UserModel`` will be returned.
```

> If you want to get ``Blog\Models\UserModel``, you need the option ``preferApp``:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to get ``Blog\Models\UserModel``, you need to disable the option ``preferApp``:
```

.. literalinclude:: factories/010.php

See :ref:`factories-options` for the details.

Next time you ask for the same class anywhere in your code, Factories will be sure
you get back the instance as before:

.. literalinclude:: factories/003.php

Convenience Functions
=====================

> Two functions for short cut of the Factories have been provided. These functions are always available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Two shortcut functions for Factories have been provided. These functions are always available.
```

To set default component options, create a new Config files at **app/Config/Factory.php**
that supplies options as an array property that matches the name of the component. For example,

> if you wanted to ensure that all **Filters** used by your app were valid framework instances,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
if you want to ensure that each ``Filter`` used by your app is an actual framework,
```

your **Factory.php** file might look like this:
if you wanted to ensure that all **Filters** used by your app were valid framework instances,
your **app/Config/Factory.php** file might look like this:

.. literalinclude:: factories/005.php

> This would prevent conflict of an unrelated third-party module which happened to have an

Reviewer 2: Drop this "unrelated" in favor of the one in the next line.

Author: Done.
